NetSuite 11.0 New (#1335)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: netsuite/11.0/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

Anypoint Connector for NetSuite (NetSuite Connector) synchronizes data and automates business processes between NetSuite and third-party applications, either on-premises or in the cloud. NetSuite provides cloud-based business management software that helps companies manage core business processes, ERP financials, CRM, e-commerce, inventory, and more.

NetSuite Connector provides the following features:

* SOAP-based integration
* Generation of NetSuite business objects
* Different authentication levels
* Error-handling support

For compatibility information and fixed issues, see the xref:release-notes::connector/netsuite-connector-release-notes-mule-4.adoc[NetSuite Connector Release Notes].

== Prerequisites

To use this connector, you must be familiar with:

* The NetSuite API
* Anypoint connectors
* Mule runtime engine (Mule)
* Elements and global elements in a Mule flow
* Creating a Mule app using Anypoint Studio (Studio)

Before creating an app, you must have:

* Credentials to access NetSuite Web Services
* Anypoint Studio version 1.1 or later

== Common Use Cases for the Connector

* Quote-to-Cash
+

> Improve cash flow, remove manual order entry, and minimize order errors by leveraging real-time integrations to connect and synchronize data about your customer’s intent to buy from your CRM application, such as Salesforce, into its realization of revenue in Netsuite ERP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve cash flow, remove manual order entries, and minimize order errors by leveraging realtime integrations to connect and synchronize data about your customer’s intent to buy from your CRM application, such as Salesforce, into its realization of revenue in NetSuite ERP.
```

Reviewer: That's a really long sentence. I don't know if there is a better way to word it.

+
* Invoice-to-Reconciliation
+
Automate your Accounts Receivable (A/R) process by automatically applying bank payments against invoices in NetSuite for real-time A/R processing. Streamline accounts payable by automating payment file transfers between NetSuite and your banks.
+
* Hire-to-Retire
+

> Build a single view of your employees with real-time synchronization of employee information between Netsuite and your Human Capital Management (HCM) services, such as Workday, Oracle HCM, PeopleSoft, and so on. Automatically trigger employee on-boarding processes such as ordering computer equipment, uniforms, system access setup, and so on, while reversing the process upon retirement.

Reviewer: Pretty sure our style is realtime and onboarding

== Authentication types

NetSuite connections use the following authentication types:

> * Request-based authentication

Reviewer 2: This authentication type is deprecated in v11
